these year top 10 KHL saves of the week
I'm Steve dangle and a Madras Africa
number 10 is but interest masala with
you live now everybody for God's our
game plan I could sort of behind the
lines but corrosives date alert
number 9 goes eric s bird with the safe
that if i attempted it I would require
new pants
number a goes to Sergei Bobrovsky pesky
at Petersburg it's totally his fault he
had to make this a ballet he made it
that's all account
here's number 7 Alex year you Mako
clearly fired up because they're playing
in first rival and Spartak Moscow so he
decides that kick the pot number six
goes two torpedoes goal in Nikita miss
Paula whose toss Denise collage of ugh
bars once twice three times you can
score Denise let it go
number five Sergei Bobrovsky again
except this time it's not his fault nice
safe
number 4 goes to gym class of severe
universe appears that's an awesome Sam
and you can follow him on Twitter glass
wall 30 30 cbms the category shop
assures each other german class of
mahishmati winogrocki
number 3 goes to Curtis Sanford who says
all right man here's the know
that's nobody gave us about dog have to
do everything myself okay okay it's fine
number two goes to bec arena of
Donovan's can you knew you would be
seeing this save on our top ten feature
right really got a shout-out in this
game he met plenty of good says and that
was probably the best one say cocked up
back at him that would be wise but he
missed its target number one and we kind
of had a feeling it would be when we
first saw it Michael toughest of dinamo
riga now this would have been impressive
if he had just kicked the puck away but
he somehow manages to trap the puck
under his skate blade and prevent the
rebound from going out probably causing
a goal huge save a little bit of luck a
lot of skill what you showed something
beside without his back